well that's what everyone is
you are here today for a
very little video pretty corruption
video announcement where I want to propose
something is going but subscribers in some
so yes that's it like the times are
harder on youtube for
a little everyone does in general
it's hard for everyone and me
also although I'm not too many videos
and everything but that right now that's what
I think it will resume everything
just to the new consoles
generation
colautti ice that's for sure
will take over parts on so much of
things to show that but that's fine
cartoning
but right now it's a little bit soft
and that's why I would like
even because you have to see that I have
still a little bit of a view
it's not the top of my five thousand
subscribers I'm going to do a lot
but if I can help a little bit if
I'm not trying to get it
risk we are people
so I thought a little trick for
help the youtuber who are among the
subscribers if you have few subscribers so
that I will see when I look and that
you want you think your
work it's still original there I
will be careful because that's work
original something that comes out a little
little of the ordinary or a
special feature a little special that's so
you think you bring your
touch of originality that your work
you do it but it is not so put
ahead and you do not get too much to the
put forward
Well, I propose to you
have to actually make a little video a
kind of trailer a mini trailer
of your channel where you can put
in these old trailers
videos you did is just
small passages must the band
announces she does what a minute
maximum you make a small band
ad
be careful if you put
musics that there is no right
authorship otherwise I can not published and
then here you are doing your little
quiet video small trailer must
give especially want
to my subscribers to come you will discover
to come on your channel for why
not subscribe and that's it
people who can try to 2
put you ahead of them
not pretentious but put you in
before to show your work and
put forward if you do so
here is a little trailer video
be careful copyrights for them
music and then here is so be the
more original possible must be very
original
I will take the best I will take
not everybody
and I will try to put you forward
when I can from time to time
take a
from time to time and then so here
leave you a little weekend
week why not and I 'll see a little
what I received either I will do a
video and I will put the best be
at each video get back to someone
here is a little trailer me that it me
will be happy to see you a little
other videos and at the same time if that
can help you a little bit ben here
so I hope this little video
you will have liked and you all
just that you will participate that
you would want to do this little
video
this little trailer as it is
must and that you will apply in any case
I'm happy to try to
help I do not say it's going to work 1
and then here I am, I say next time
ciao everybody it's eric yawning